Transaction guardrails (#12212)
cockroachdb/docs: v21.2/transactions.md

For more information about the relationship between these levels, see [this paper](http://arxiv.org/ftp/cs/papers/0701/0701157.pdf).

## Limit the number of rows written or read in a transaction

> You can configure cluster and sessions to limit the number of rows written or read in a transaction. This allows you configure CockroachDB to log or reject statements that could destabilize a cluster or violate application best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can limit the number of rows written or read in a transaction at the cluster or session level. This allows you configure CockroachDB to log or reject statements that could destabilize a cluster or violate application best practices.
```
